Doc/17 Added user guide (#18)
exasol/virtual-schema-common-document-files: README.md

* JSON
* [JSON-Lines (one json document per line)](https://jsonlines.org/) 

## Official Dialects:

You cannot directly use this adapter!

> Use one of these file source-specific dialects instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please, use one of the file source-specific dialects from the list below.
```
